pnmmargin, pnmmontage, pnmnlfilt, pnmnorm, pnmpad, pnmpaste: add pages (#12187)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pnmnorm.md

# pnmnorm

> Normalize the contrast in a PNM image.
> See also: `pnmhisteq`.
> More information: <https://netpbm.sourceforge.net/doc/pnmnorm.html>.

> - Force the brightest pixels to be white, the darkest pixels to be black and spread out the ones inbetween linearly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Force the brightest pixels to be white, the darkest pixels to be black and spread out the ones in between linearly:
```

`pnmnorm {{path/to/image.pnm}} > {{path/to/output.pnm}}`

> - Force the brightest pixels to be white, the darkest pixels to be black and spread out the ones inbetween quadratically such that pixels with a brightness of `n` become 50 percent bright:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Force the brightest pixels to be white, the darkest pixels to be black and spread out the ones in between quadratically such that pixels with a brightness of `n` become 50 % bright:
```
Maybe we can go with the symbol here as the line is already long, and could probably cause certain translations to cross the 256-character limit.
